All right.
So in the previous lesson, we defined our new include job by degree getter.
And the next step, of course, is to use this getter in our filter jobs getter, because this is the
getter that ultimately iterates over all of the jobs and uses the helper getter functions to determine
whether or not a job should be included in the filter jobs array, which eventually becomes the complete
collection of filter jobs on the right hand side.
And so what I ultimately want to do here is to add another filter method call to the array that is being
produced here and use my new getter to filter it.
So before we get there, of course I want to write a corresponding test.
And luckily we already have that basic test structure set up right here in filter jobs.
So here in my getters, that test, that's false.
We're just going to update this test right here to now include my new getter.
So here I'm going to start with the description.
It now is going to filter jobs by organization, job type and degree.
And you can see here the set up we're doing here is we're creating an object of mock getters.
The reason we're doing this is because I don't want to test the individual getters.
These three that I have right here in my getter for filter jobs, because that creates a whole bunch
of branching logic for what could happen.
And that logic is already tested in my individual tests for these getters above in this file.
So the only responsibility of filter jobs is to really talk to these getters and use them.
And that's what I want to validate.
And by using just mock functions here, I can track what has been invoked and how many times and with
what arguments, etc..
So what I'm going to do here is create a new just mock function to replace the real world getter that
I have called include job by degree.
So right here I'm going to say include job by degree.
And just like the two above, this is going to now be a just mock function by default.
A just the mock function returns undefined.
And that's not going to be good because I eventually need that getter when being used right here in
the filter method to return a boolean.
So I'm going to provide a mock return value and it's going to be the simple boolean of true.
Then I'm going to include my new getter right here in this mock getters object include job by degree,
and then most of the other logic should stay the same.
So right here I'm creating a sample job and then I'm creating a sample array of jobs, in my view,
extra state.
So you can almost imagine it like are back and returns a single array of one job and we want to ensure
that this job is going to pass through all of our getters as it flows through the filter jobs getter.
So right here you can see we are invoking the filter jobs getter method that is going to accept the
view text or state as the first argument.
And then the second optional argument to a getter is always a collection of the existing getters.
So in this scenario, instead of providing the real world getters, I'm providing this object right
here, which has the three getters that my implementation will eventually utilize.
But of course, instead of using the real world implementation right here, all I'm saying is these
getters are basic, simple functions that will always return true.
So right here as filter runs, for example, this getter I include job by organization is now going
to be a just mock function that always returns true, which will allow the job to pass here.
Same rules are going to apply for include job by job type and that's going to allow the job to flow
through here, etc..
So right here, we're checking at the very end that our final result or our final return value is going
to be the array of the original job, which implies that this job that we created right here is going
to pass all of our tests or all of our checks right here in the filter logic and down below.
This is kind of the heart of the assertions that I care about.
I am validating that each of my getters has been properly called.
So right now everything is passing because we are indeed invoking these two getters respectively as
we run through filter jobs.
So what I want to add here as well is that I expect my included job by degree getter to also have been
called and not just called in the sense of invoked, but called specifically with the job argument.
Right.
So I do not need an array of 100 jobs to verify that include job by degree has been called.
Rather, I can come up with a simple scenario an array of just one job from the backend and therefore
my include job by degree getter should still be invoked assuming that the job is going to be passed
to it by the filter jobs getter as it's filtering.
So I'm going to save this.
And this of course, is going to fail because we are not indeed calling this getter right here.
So you can see right here, expect include job by degree, that just mock function has not been called.
So it's saying, hey, you've given me number of calls, zero.
All right.
So what I'm going to do here is take my array that I have after these two filter method calls.
And of course, an array is still going to have a filter method.
So on that around going to call filter, it's once again going to receive a job as an argument.
And how do I determine whether I should or should not include this job in the final array of filter
jobs?
I'm going to rely on my getters, which I have available as the second argument to this getter itself
right here, this parameter called Getters.
So this is my full object of getters.
And then on it I'm going to have my new include job by degree getter.
And I'm going to invoke it and pass at the job that I'm currently iterating over in my field today,
which is going to be the argument that has passed into here, and that is going to give me back a true
in the real world, in our test world, it's not going to be this implementation.
Of course, it's going to be this one right here.
All right.
So we're going to see if this test passes.
My guess is it will not and I'll explain why in just a second.
But you'll immediately see this violation that says property include job by degree does not exist on
type include job getters.
Remember what we did is provide an interface here called include job getters that specifies what the
objects properties will be on this object that is passed in as the argument and this include job getters
comes from right here.
And the reason we set up a separate interface is because of that kind of chicken or the egg problem
of having to reference this real getter object, but having to do so in the body of it itself.
So what we decided is just to separate a separate interface for the actual getters we care about, and
that's going to be the object type that we provide as the second argument for my filter job's getter
below.
So of course all we need to do here is say that object is now going to have an include job by degree
method.
Right.
And that method is going to have a job parameter that is going to be a type job, and that boolean is
that getter method on the second.
On the second argument, the object will be a method that returns a boolean.
It is really hard to sometimes capture all this in words, but I hope that the idea here makes sense.
We're saying that this is going to be the object type or the object shape of this argument right here,
which allows types to validate that include job by degree is a valid method name because we said it's
going to be included right here.
All right.
So with that, we make all of our Typekit violations go away.
All of our tests are passing, which means we are validating in our filter jobs test that we are correctly
invoking the include job by degree getter and passing it the right argument of the job without actually
relying on the real world getter.
Rather, we are relying on this mock right here in line 113 in order to simply validate the interaction
between these two units rather than test them fully.
All right.
We already have the tests for this logic, so I see no need to replicate those tests in filter jobs.
Otherwise, we would simply be duplicating really the same test at the end of the day.
All right.
So that's all there is to cover in this lesson.
And I will see you in the next one.